Add information about ranking rules (#905)
meilisearch/documentation: reference/features/settings.md

You can add a custom ranking rule anywhere in the list of ranking rules. A custom ranking rule is composed of an attribute and an ascending or descending order. The attribute **must have a numeric value** in the documents.

::: warning

If some documents do not contain the attribute defined in a custom ranking rule, the application of the ranking rule is undefined and the search results might not be sorted as you expected.

> We recommend providing documents that all contain the attribute filled in the ranking rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

We recommend that all your documents contain any attribute used in a custom ranking rule. For example, if you set the custom ranking rule `desc(year)`, make sure that all your documents contain the attribute `year`.
```
